As of right now, everything is in a single JavaScript file.
But now what we want to do, is we want to start adding some UI to our application.
So in order to do that, what we'll do,
is let's make a new file here called index.html.
This will just have the basic skeleton.
So now, we'll give this a title of let's just say,
let's say Udacity Todos Goals.
And now what we're going to do, is inside of our body,
let's have a script tag here with a type of text/javascript.
And then as you can probably guess, what we're going to do,
is we're going to take all of our JavaScript in our index.html or index.gs file,
and we are going to just paste it inside of our script tag here.
So we're going old school with the script tags.
I'm just going to indent all of this.
And then now, if we open up this app in the browser,
you'll notice here we don't have anything on the view because we haven't added anything.
But if we look inside of our Console,
we're still getting all of our console.logs here.
So now, the only other thing I want to do in this video,
is now, we've moved over all of our JavaScript.
Let's go ahead and delete now our index.gs file because again,
all of that logic is living inside of our index.html file,
inside of this script tag.